## Learned 
---
1. Variables
2. let,var,and const
---
### Variables
- A variable is a "names storage" for data. We can use variables to store goodies, visitors, and other data
- We can declare multiple variables in many different ways but have to consider eradability.
```
let user = 'MJ',
let age = '99',
let message = 'wanna go home';
``` 

### Let
- When the value is changed, the old data is removed from the variable
```
let message;

message = 'I study better at night';

// old data is removed and the value changed
message = 'I'll study in the morning when I'm fresh'

alert(message);
```

- We can also declare two variables and copy data from one into the other
```
let hello = 'Hello MJ';

let message;

message = hello; // copy 'Hello MJ' from hello into message

// Now two variables hold the same data
alert(hello) // Hello MJ
alert(message) // Hello MJ
```

### Var
- In order scripts, you may also find another keyword "var" instead of let
```
var message = 'Hello'; 
```
- The var keyword is almost the same as let. 
	- It also declares a variable, but in a slightly different way
    - we'll get back to this topic later 


### Constants
- To declare a constant (unchanging) variable, use const instead of let:
- There is a widespread practice to use constants as aliases for difficult-to-remember values that are known prior to execution
- Such constants are named using capital letters and underscores
```
const COLOR_RED = "#FOO";
```

### Summary
- We can declare variables to store data by using the var, let, or const keywords.
- var variables can be updated and re-declated within its scope
- let variables can be updated but not re-declared.
- const variables can neither be updated nor re-declared.


## Tasks
---
Q. Working with variables
1. Declare two variables: admin and name.
2. Assign the value "John" to name.
3. Copy the value from name to admin
4. Show the value of admin using alert (must output "John")
```
// How I did
let admin;
let name = "John";
admin = name;

alert(admin)
```
```
// Soln
let admin, name; // ahh I could've declared two variables at once!!
name = "John";
admin = name;

alert(admin)
```

Q. Uppercase const 
	- Would it be right to use upper case for birthday? for age? Or even both?
```
const birthday = '18.04.1982';

const age = someCode(birthday);
```
- The value of birthday is hard-coded whereas variable "age" is evaluated in run-time. Therefore, it would be proper to use uppercase to birthday only. 