## Learned 
---
1. Constructor function
2. Return from constructors
3. Methods in constructor
---
### Constructor function
- The `"new" operator` and constructor functions make it easy to create multiple similar objects.
- There are no big difference between Constructor function and Regular functions but there are two conventions:
> They are named with capital letter first.
> They should be executed only with "new" operator

For instance:
```
function User(name) {
  this.name = name;
  this.isAdmin = false;
}

let user = new User("Jack");

alert(user.name); // Jack
alert(user.isAdmin); // false
```
- A function that is a property of an object is called its method

In other words, `new User(...)` does something like:
```
function User(name) {
  // this = {};  (implicitly)

  // add properties to this
  this.name = name;
  this.isAdmin = false;

  // return this;  (implicitly)
}
```
- If we want to create other users, we can call new User("MJ"), new User("Alice") and so on.
- It's much shorter and easy to read than using literals every time.


### Return from constructors
- Normally, constructors do not have a `return` statement. However, if there's a return statement, the following simple rules apply.
> If return is called with an object, then the object is returned instead of this.
> If return is called with a primitive, it’s ignored. 
- To put it simply, return with an `object returns that object`, in all `other cases this is returned`.

For instance:
```

function BigUser() {

  this.name = "John";

  return { name: "Godzilla" };  // <-- returns this object
}

alert( new BigUser().name );  // Godzilla, got that object
							// return overrides this by returning an object
````


### Methods in constructor
- Using constructor functions to create objects gives a great deal of flexibility. 
- We can add to this not only properties, but methods as well.

For instance:
```
function User(name) {
  this.name = name;

  this.sayHi = function() {
    alert( "My name is: " + this.name );
  };
}

let john = new User("John");

john.sayHi(); // My name is: John

/*
john = {
   name: "John",
   sayHi: function() { ... }
}
*/
```

### Summary
- Constructor functions or, briefly, constructors, are regular functions, but there’s a common agreement to name them with capital letter first.
- Constructor functions should only be called using new. Such a call implies a creation of empty this at the start and returning the populated one at the end.

