## Learned 
---
1. Primitives vs  Objects
---
### Primitives vs  Objects
- There are differences between primitives and objects as follows:

`A primitive`
- Is a value of a primitive type
- There are 7 primitive types: string, number, bigint, boolean, symbol, null and undefined

`An object`
- Is capable of storing multiple values as properties.
- Can be created with {}, for instance: {name: "MJ", age: 80}. 
	- There are other kinds of objects in JavaScript: functions, for example, are objects.
- One of the advatages of using objects is that it can store a function as one of its properties.

For instance:
```
// object MJ with the method sayHi

let MJ = {
  name: "MJ",
  sayHi: function() {
    console.log("Hello there!");
  }
};

MJ.sayHi(); // Hello there!
```
- However, objects are “heavier” than primitives and they require additional resources to support the internal machinery.

## Tasks
---
Q. Can I add a string property?
Consider the following code:
```
let str = "Hello";

str.test = 5;

alert(str.test);
```
- Will it work? What will be shown??
	-  I don't think this strong property will be added. "Hello" and 5 are primitives and they are not objects. So, It is not possible to store additional data.


// Solution in expected format
- Depending on whether you have use strict or not, the result may be:
	undefined (no strict mode)
	An error (strict mode).

- When a property of str is accessed, a “wrapper object” is created.
- In strict mode, writing into it is an error. Otherwise, the operation with the property is carried on, the object gets the test property, but after that the “wrapper object” disappears, so in the last line str has no trace of the property.
- This example clearly shows that primitives are not objects.